Open the Operations module, then Issues.
p02
This is Maintenance Issues.
p03
Every equipment problem across your sites lands here as one work order.
p04
A dryer that won't heat, a touch screen that quit, a leaking pump.
p05
One list tracks them all the way to fixed.
p06
Start at the top.
p07
Four numbers frame the board: how many issues are open, how many are being worked,
p08
how many are high priority, and the average time to a fix.
p09
Before you read a single row, you know how heavy the load is.
p10
First panel, the twelve-month trend.
p11
It counts issues reported over the last year and flags the recent change.
p12
A rising line means more tickets coming in.
p13
Useful when someone asks whether last month was really busier, or it just felt that way.
p14
Next, the priority breakdown.
p15
Low, Medium, High, and Critical, each as a share of the total.
p16
This is your triage picture.
p17
When High and Critical creep up, that's where the day's attention goes.
p18
Third panel, the pipeline.
p19
It splits the open work into Resolved, in Progress, and Blocked.
p20
Blocked is the one to watch.
p21
A blocked job is stuck waiting on a part or a person, and it won't clear itself.
p22
Now the list itself.
p23
The header calls it the Issue List and gives the record count.
p24
The subtitle says the job out loud: work order tracking.
p25
Everything above this card is just the summary.
p26
Top-right of that card, two buttons.
p27
New Issue opens a blank work order.
p28
Export pulls the list out to a file.
p29
We won't export anything today; just know where it is when a manager asks for it.
p30
Click New Issue to see the form.
p31
This is where a technician writes up a new problem: what broke, where, and how urgent.
p32
We're only looking, so we back out without saving.
p33
Nothing gets logged.
p34
Below the buttons, the search row.
p35
Type a few letters to find an issue by title,
p36
or open Filters to narrow by status, priority, or site.
p37
On a long list, this is how you reach one ticket fast.
p38
The table has seven columns.
p39
Which site logged it, the title, its status, its priority,
p40
who owns it, who reported it, and the date.
p41
Read across one row and you have the whole story of a work order.
p42
Look at the live examples.
p43
An air dryer not reaching temperature, marked Open and high.
p44
A conveyor belt squeaking in the tunnel, already In Progress.
p45
A chemical pump leak, Critical, and already Resolved.
p46
Real problems, each at a different stage.
p47
Notice two columns are blank.
p48
Assigned To and Created By show a dash on every row here.
p49
In a live tenant they carry names.
p50
A row with no owner is your cue that somebody still needs to pick it up.
p51
At the foot of the list, the counter.
p52
It reads five of five, on one page.
p53
When your network fills this up, the arrows here walk you through the rest.
p54
So that's the work-order board.
p55
The four numbers up top tell you the load, the three panels tell you its shape,
p56
and the list is where every fix gets tracked.
p57
New Issue starts one; the columns tell you where it stands.
p58
This is the page you live in for anything broken on site.